[SKEERS]
Pardon, boy.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I'll become the next king.
I'l do whatever it takes.
[SKEERS] How long do
you intend to do this?
[PHIOUS] The Rune's
protection is with us!
[IRIS]
I don't mind that.
As long as the future's
peaceful, it's fine.
[SHEAMA] You know, with the
power of the Progenitor Rune,
It's possible that
the queen could defeat
the Darkness for good.
[SKEERS]
You've an ideal to fight for.
And you are now honor‐bound
to take that ideal
and transform it into reality!
[IRIS]
We prevailed yet again.
With difficulty.
Just how many times
have we done this now?
Eventually, he'll be
more than I can match
[SKEERS] I'm counting on you.
[IRIS] I'm sure that, under the
next King of Darkness,
the balance between our
realms will be restored.
I am a Prince of Darkness.
Successor to the
King of Darkness!
Move out! Support the queen!
[KNIGHTS]
Sir!
[SHEAMA]
Mages.
A threat has appeared in Metis,
the western capital.
We shall defend it
alongside the knights.
[CITIZENS screaming]
[SOLDIER 02A]
This way!
[BAHL cackles]
Isn't there anyone up here
who can put up a fight?
[MAGES]
The rune protects.
Trust in its power.
[BAHL] So the city's brave
defenders are hiding in a tower.
[MAGES grunt]
[cackles]
Stay calm. We mustn't
succumb to fear.
[MAGES]
Right.
[BAHL]
Now it's my turn.
[gasps]
Now, fire!
[BAHL chuckles] Making
yourselves easier to find, eh?
Well then...
[BAHL]
Allow me to offer my thanks.
[ALANTIA]
Bahl!
I won't let you defile
this land further!
[COMMANDER 02A]
Lord Alantia!
[ALANTIA]
We'll handle this.
Focus on evacuating the people.
[COMMANDER 02A]
Right.
[BAHL]
Alantia, leader of the elves.
Maybe you can
keep me entertained.
Go!
[SCOUT 02A]
Knight Commander!
There are soldiers
of darkness ahead.
Truly?
And here I thought we'd
sent them all running.
First troop with me.
We'll scout ahead.
Second troop,
stay with the mages.
Don't let the soldiers of
darkness get anywhere near them.
Sheama. I'll be counting on you.
Right. We're with you.
[PHIOUS]
They won't get past us.
Let's go!
[BAHL cackles]
Try not to disappoint me, elf.
Attack.
[BAHL]
Ah. A cage of lightning.
Very clever.
[BAHL]
You're not half bad. But...
Spirits. Fall back
at once! Move!
[BAHL] Huh. A winged ant
is still an ant.
It can't be. How is
he this strong?
[ALANTIA]
I've lost. There's no hope.
[gasps]
[MAGE 02A]
Queen Iris!
May the rune guide you,
and... protect you.
Be careful...
[ALANTIA]
Queen Iris! Be careful!
He's stronger than
we anticipated.
I'm grateful, Alantia.
Thanks to your brave efforts,
many civilians escaped.
You bought us all time.
[BAHL laughs] I was
wondering when you would
deign to make an appearance.
Begone.
I shall suffer your
presence here no longer.
Leave or be slain, Bahl!
[BAHL] Hah! If you think you can
slay me, then come and try.
[BAHL]
My. You're swift.
[yells]
Tch. Timing your attack
to match Bahl's.
Devious fiends!
Wait. No. We aren't
here to fight.
We're deserters.
We surrender. Just arrest us.
So, you yield?
Drop your blades
and kneel. Do it now!
[PHIOUS]
Ugh. Shameful.
Don't you have any
pride as warriors?
[HUMAN SOLDIER 02B] Of course
not! We're not warriors.
We're just a bunch of
peasants who got conscripted
to fight a war
we don't understand.
Please, sir.
I'm telling the truth.
You have to‐‐
[BOTH gag]
What's this?
[growling]
[yells]
Showing your true
colors, eh? Attack!
They lack the
numbers to beat us!
[IRIS]
Progenitor Rune, obey my will!
Calid, Lux, Puram, Lucem!
Banish the darkness!
He has such a brutal,
malevolent power.
How can I best him?
If this continues‐‐
[BAHL] Don't just float there
talking to yourself.
Come give me a show.
[COMMANDER 02A, MAGE 02B scream]
[gasps]
Dea Preces!
[BAHL laughs]
That's the spirit.
[yells]
[BAHL laughs] I'd expect no less
from the Queen of Light.
[BAHL grunts]
[IRIS grunts]
[BAHL]
I actually felt that.
But just barely.
[IRIS]
I can't win.
Not without using more
of the Rune's power!
Progenitor Rune. Obey my will!
Calida, Lux, Puram, Lucem!
Your Majesty.
Remember, we have to
conserve the rune's power.
[gasps]
[BAHL]
Oh, such hubris.
You think you can beat me
without giving your all?
The rune's already strained.
I can't keep pushing it.
[gasps, grunts]
[BAHL]
How disappointing.
He's leaving?
[ALANTIA]
Queen Iris?
[IRIS]
Go aid the survivors.
Commander Phious
will be here shortly.
[ALANTIA]
As you wish, Your Majesty.
[SHEAMA]
It's an awful sight.
Sheama.
Sorry. We were
intercepted on our march.
[gasps]
[SHEAMA]
It was infantry.
My brother and his
knights defeated them.
I think they were human.
[IRIS]
I see.
[MONSTER COMMANDER 02A]
Dark Knight Vallus.
When will His Majesty return?
[VALLUS]
Why do you ask?
[MONSTER COMMANDER 02A]
There's a matter that requires
his attention.
What's that?
[MONSTER COMMANDER 02A] Our last
invasion force was comprised
of only my followers and
it was utterly decimated.
It's gone too far! I'm done!
We fight battle after
battle and gain nothing!
The people of Black
aren't a horde of savages
who live only to kill.
Well, Sir Vallus. What say you?
[MONSTER COMMANDER 02A
groans, screams]
Welcome back, Your Majesty.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Vallus.
[VALLUS]
I am at your disposal.
You needn't dirty your hands,
unless it should
please you, of course.
[MONSTER SOLDIER 02A]
H‐How could you?
[KING OF DARKNESS chuckles]
[VALLUS]
My king.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
The sun. The stars.
The sky.
All will be reclaimed
by darkness in time.
The faint rays of light which
steal through the cracks
in oblivion's grasp,
are but passing phantoms.
Snuff them out for good.
I submit to your authority.
That said,
we are losing soldiers
at an alarming rate.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
The people of Black are bound
to obey the will of darkness.
Yes, it's as Your Majesty says.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
White in the sky.
And Black on the earth.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Balance be damned.
Harmony be damned.
We will have rest when
our victory is complete.
When darkness has
blotted out all things.
Soon, we shall
bring the kingdom
of sky‐dwellers crashing down.
But at present, something else
commands my attention.
[VALLUS]
The World's Egoism: Bahl.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
That's right.
This kingdom no longer has
need of a future generation.
But my would‐be successors can
still make themselves useful.
Hey Vallus. How ya doin'?
Just fine.
I was at the royal
palace with the King.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Why?
Because I am bound
to his service.
It is my duty to serve him
as well as his
potential successors.
My loyalty is divided,
but absolute.
Is that really how it works?
Well, whatever.
Vallus. Teach me how to fight.
If I wanna become the next king,
then I'll need to be your
match with a blade.
[VALLUS] Skill with
a blade will be needed.
But a king should
also be well read.
You can start your
studies with these.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I have to read all that?
A good king does
not simply rule.
He governs.
He has the acumen to
administrate his kingdom.
To build up cities and
cultivate his fields.
Does that make sense?
Or is your intention to
let the people starve?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS sighs]
Of course not.
‐‐But I wanna get strong‐‐
‐‐[VALLUS] Also...
A king must command respect
from the people he leads.
His words need to carry weight.
Which means you need
to make adjustments
to the way you speak.
Lord Skeers basically
told me the same thing.
We'll begin your lessons
in swordplay tomorrow.
For real?
[clears throat]
I would like that.
Thank you.
There are others just like you.
Would‐be heirs to the throne.
One of my many duties is to
instruct the kingdom's soldiers
in the way of the sword,
so naturally,
I train aspiring
successors, too.
[yells]
[VALLUS]
Hm.
That was just a fluke.
One more.
[VALLUS] You've worked
diligently since arriving here.
There's no doubt that
you've progressed.
I try, but I'm nowhere
near your level.
I think we should
step up my training.
My Lord. If you would.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Hm?
[VALLUS] Lord Skeers wore this
when he was around your age.
What do you think?
Something tells me
it'll fit you well.
For me?
Yes. I think if Lord
Skeers were here,
he would be delighted
to see you make use of it.
Lady Groza?
I'm getting tired.
Okay, at ease for now!
We're taking a quick break.
‐‐[SOLDIER C, SOLDIER B] Right.
‐‐[SOLDIER A] Uh, right.
[GROZA]
Honestly.
Why do I have to come way out
to the middle of nowhere?
Uh. Excellent question, Ma'am.
This is so annoying!
What kind of potential
successor to the throne
would even come here? There's
nothing around but rocks.
Whoever they are, there's no way
they're actually gonna win.
[SOLDIER B]
Uh, maybe you shouldn't
say that so loud, ma'am.
Just who do you think's
gonna hear me?
There's nothing out here!
[COMMANDER 02B]
Hm? Lady Groza.
Please get back.
Monsters are coming!
[GROZA laughs] I'm not
scared of a few monsters
that forgot who their
master is. Stupid beasts.
I'll remind them with my magic.
[GROZA]
Burn to ashes!
Révolte Éclair!
[BOTH]
Whoa!
[SOLDIER A]
Amazing!
That's the Gray‐Green
Demoness for you!
[SOLDIER B]
Well done, Princess of Black!
[SOLDIER C]
Impressive work, Lady Groza.
It was no big deal.
Strays like those
are easy to kill.
Look out!
[GROZA]
There's no time. I can't dodge.
Are you all right, miss?
Oh, uh. Yeah.
Thank you for saving me.
Of course.
[gasps]
Hey. Hold on!
So... who might you be?
Someone who hopes
to become king someday.
The King of Darkness?
In that case,
what are you doing out
in the middle of nowhere?
This is all just
wasteland. Right?
Why go so far from the kingdom?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
It's not actually that far.
[GROZA]
Huh?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Vallus showed me this place.
We come here to work
on my swordsmanship.
Ah! Really? Okay. Sure.
It's really just a pleasant
stroll to the kingdom, yeah.
Why aren't you guys
saying anything?
[COMMANDER 02B]
Huh?
I'm off.
Glad to see you're okay.
Bye.
[gasps]
[GROZA]
The Prince...
...of Darkness.
Hey, Lady Groza.
Lady Groza!
You need to stop him.
We can't just let him leave.
Say something.
Lady Groza!
Shut up, will ya?!
I'm working on it.
Sir! Please wait.
We came here in the
hopes of finding you.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Is that so?
Yes. I'm officially inviting you
to compete with
the other candidates.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah? That's wonderful to hear.
Great. In the event you become
the number one candidate
for succession,
you'll be rewarded
with the Greatsword of Black.
Once its yours, you'll be
officially recognized
as the true Prince of Darkness.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Oh.
You prefer the sword you have?
Is it special to you
for some reason?
[ADEL]
Huh. The Greatsword of Black.
[IRIS] So the infantry
you faced were human?
Yes. They acted
strangely at one point,
but we cut them all down.
Good. As Knights of Light,
you're sworn to strike down
all who disturb the balance.
You performed your
duty admirably.
[PHIOUS]
Thank you, Your Majesty.
[IRIS]
Perhaps I was wrong,
and the people of Black
aren't like us after all.